Refs #340: Swap old 'CLA' for the DCO (#598)
ansible/ansible-documentation: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to Contribute

> This project is [GPL-3.0 licensed](COPYING) and accepts contributions via

Reviewer: I'd prefer to be more explicit here.

```suggestion
The ansible-documention project is [GPL-3.0 licensed](COPYING) and accepts contributions via
```

Author: LGTM, thanks!

> The ansible-documention project is [GPL-3.0 licensed](COPYING) and accepts contributions via

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ansible-documention project is [GPL-3.0 licensed](COPYING) and accepts contributions through
```

GitHub pull requests.

## Certificate of Origin

> By contributing to this project you agree to the Developer Certificate of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By contributing to ansible-documentation, you agree to the Developer Certificate of
```

Reviewer 3: Do you see benefit for other projects to reference this? If so, we should keep it generic?

Reviewer: Other projects can copy this into their own repository and change the project name.
